Nonbinary-inclusive framing + more nonbinary content (#201)
GenderDysphoria/GenderDysphoria.fyi: public/en/social-dysphoria.md

  '1219968711681040384'
] tweets=meta.tweets className="" }} </div> }!}

> The discomfort caused by social dysphoria can pressure a trans person to act and present in an exaggerated manner in order to try to convince the rest of the world that they really are who they say they are. Transfeminine people may concentrate on makeup and feminine clothes, and become quieter in order to seem more demure, speaking in a higher voice. Transmasculine people will lean on masculine clothing styles, stand taller, suppress displays of emotion, start speaking louder, and make their voices intentionally deeper. Some non-binary people may consciously alter their presentation to be less obviously masculine or feminine, which can resemble the techniques of binary trans people with similar bodies, or may play up intentionally conflicting gender cues.

Reviewer: The topic being discussed in this paragraph is about changes made in response to social pressures. This sentence doesn't seem to have to do with that? Is the intention to describe that some seek to cause confusion in strangers? If so, I would phrase it thus:

```suggestion
The discomfort caused by social dysphoria can pressure a trans person to act and present in an exaggerated manner in order to try to convince the rest of the world that they really are who they say they are. Transfeminine people may concentrate on makeup and feminine clothes, and become quieter in order to seem more demure, speaking in a higher voice. Transmasculine people may lean on masculine clothing styles, stand taller, suppress displays of emotion, start speaking louder, and make their voices intentionally deeper. Some non-binary people may integrate traits from both archetypes in order create intentionally conflicting gender cues to instill confusion in strangers.
```

Author: I was referencing that a lot of nonbinary people feel pressured to suppress sex characteristics and appear androgynous in order to be believed that they are who they say they are.
